CyberTiel v25-r3.1 — resume after the llama CMake/PkgConfig failure

The original v25-r3 Pi SRI repair is retained. This update adds pkg-config to the
llama builder and corrects the checker's verified modprobe alias invocation.
Package revision is v25-r3.1; the managed installer identity stays v25-r3 so the
existing partial /opt/cybertiel and /srv/cybertiel directories can resume.

DO NOT archive the partial v25-r3 installation or change its markers. Keep the
v25-r2 backups. Docker remains installed. No security gate is disabled.

1. Download cybertiel-v25-r3.1.zip into a new server directory and compare its
SHA256 with the separately supplied delivery hash. Use the ZIP from the pinned
GitHub commit in the delivery, not a moving branch or main.

2. From the download directory, after the ZIP hash matches:

  python3 -m zipfile -e cybertiel-v25-r3.1.zip .
  cd cybertiel-v25-r3.1
  sha256sum -c SHA256SUMS
  python3 tools/verify_release.py
  python3 tools/verify_sealed_zip.py ../cybertiel-v25-r3.1.zip
  python3 tools/verify_pi_sri.py

Every check must pass. SRI verification must report the official pair + 8/8
metadata/tarballs. Original and derived Pi lock hashes are unchanged.

3. Resume with this package's paired, pinned scripts:

  bash preflight-server.sh
  bash setup-cybertiel.sh --plan
  sudo bash setup-cybertiel.sh --install --accept-official-q8

Docker may reuse previous layers; the changed dependency layer installs
pkg-config inside the builder. Installing pkg-config only on the host would
not fix the container. Do not manually edit a hash-bound Dockerfile or installer.

If the existing host gate explicitly requires a reboot, reboot normally and
repeat only this same setup installation command. Stop on any other failure and
retain the reported log. Do not weaken a gate or remove coordination locks.

4. After setup succeeds:

  sudo bash check-cybertiel-server.sh --installer ./install-cybertiel.sh --deep-model-hash --runtime
  sudo cybertiel status

Review the checker and setup reports. Their independent live/ready checks remain
required; local regression/configure success does not prove model inference or
Windows runtime. No server installation was executed by the assistant.
